AUTHORS.rst, before:

..
    This file is part of Invenio.
    Copyright (C) 2016 CERN.

    Invenio is free software; you can redistribute it
    and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
    published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the
    License, or (at your option) any later version.

    Invenio is distributed in the hope that it will be
    useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
    General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with Invenio; if not, write to the
    Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston,
    MA 02111-1307, USA.

    In applying this license, CERN does not
    waive the privileges and immunities granted to it by virtue of its status
    as an Intergovernmental Organization or submit itself to any jurisdiction.


Authors
=======

Record-Recommendations for Invenio.

- David Zerulla <ddaze@outlook.de>

Commit message:

release: v0.0.1
Signed-off-by: Esteban J. G. Gabancho <esteban.gabancho@gmail.com>

AUTHORS.rst, after:

..
    This file is part of CERN Document Server.
    Copyright (C) 2016 CERN.

    CERN Document Server is free software; you can redistribute it
    and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
    published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the
    License, or (at your option) any later version.

    CERN Document Server is distributed in the hope that it will be
    useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
    General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with CERN Document Server; if not, write to the
    Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston,
    MA 02111-1307, USA.

    In applying this license, CERN does not
    waive the privileges and immunities granted to it by virtue of its status
    as an Intergovernmental Organization or submit itself to any jurisdiction.


Authors
=======

Record-Recommendations for Invenio.

- David Zerulla <ddaze@outlook.de>
- Esteban J. G. Gabancho <esteban.gabancho@gmail.com>
